BUILDING.md, before:

# Building Roughtime

## C++

The Roughtime C++ code is built using [Bazel](https://www.bazel.io/). Everything should build on Linux. On MacOS, `simple_client` should build.

In order to build, install Bazel and run `bazel build ... && bazel test ...`. That should download and build BoringSSL, gTest and Protocol Buffers automatically.

After doing that you should be able to play with `simple_client` by running `./bazel-bin/simple_client roughtime-servers.json`.

### Known Issues

If, on Arch Linux, Bazel complains about the version of Java but you have Java 8 installed, you may need to export `JAVA_HOME=/usr/lib/jvm/java-8-openjdk`.

If you see an error about `_FORTIFY_SOURCE requires compiling with optimization`, pass `--copt=-U_FORTIFY_SOURCE` to Bazel.

## Go

The Roughtime Go code works with `go get`, as is typical for Go code. For example, `go get https://roughtime.googlesource.com/roughtime/go/client` and run `client --servers-file=roughtime/roughtime-servers.json --chain-file=~/roughtime-chain.json`.

Commit message:

Fix instructions for building Go code.
I had thought that googlesource.com was go gettable for some reason, but
it's not so people will need to run `git clone` manually.

Change-Id: I28f67dbc2e0566493e7c4218ece2fed5d7f29caf

BUILDING.md, after:

# Building Roughtime

## C++

The Roughtime C++ code is built using [Bazel](https://www.bazel.io/). Everything should build on Linux. On MacOS, `simple_client` should build.

In order to build, install Bazel and run `bazel build ... && bazel test ...`. That should download and build BoringSSL, gTest and Protocol Buffers automatically.

After doing that you should be able to play with `simple_client` by running `./bazel-bin/simple_client roughtime-servers.json`.

### Known Issues

If, on Arch Linux, Bazel complains about the version of Java but you have Java 8 installed, you may need to export `JAVA_HOME=/usr/lib/jvm/java-8-openjdk`.

If you see an error about `_FORTIFY_SOURCE requires compiling with optimization`, pass `--copt=-U_FORTIFY_SOURCE` to Bazel.

## Go

In the `src` directory of your [workspace](https://golang.org/doc/code.html), do `git clone https://roughtime.googlesource.com/roughtime roughtime.googlesource.com`. Then, `go build` will work as usual in the subdirectories of `roughtime.googlesource.com/go`.

For example, in `client`, run `go build` and then `./client --servers-file=../../roughtime-servers.json --chain-file=$HOME/roughtime-chain.json`.
